Peggy's 16 hello you're watching
PlayStation access which today comes to
you from PlayStation HQ in the heart of
central London where these lucky gamers
are getting an exclusive early taste of
action blockbuster infamous to
so you one of the first people to arrive
today so you can spend about half an
hour on it so far how's it going it's
very good actually I played the demo the
first mission is very similar to the
demo but I'm now sort of going on to the
next bit it's a lot of freedom there's a
lot of little things always jumping at
you it's not just the main missions that
you're having to do here there's a lot
of sort of stopped mugging or help this
person to help that person I've actually
only just gone to the second mission
here it's quite dramatic starts the
games you have that massive battle boss
fights are their beasts yeah if sort of
you know gives you full security of us
you know you feel very strong powerful
but the beast is obviously just a tad
more powerful so you've been trying it
out now for a little while how are you
finding it yeah great I'm a member from
the first one and just being able to
have all the powers like you can shoot
like a like a kind of uncharted thing
but you've also got there like all the
areas of destructible and stuff there's
been bridges which have been collapsing
in little bits like that so yeah I
really enjoyed that and looking forward
to playing it playing it full time now
what what for you is a stood out so far
it's been the little thing so far like
that just a tiny little tweaks there's a
few little I'm mechanics they're very
cool when he jumps up as little spin as
he gets up that's a nice doll dynamic
theme to it and that's a really the
cinematic kind of changes they've made
that suddenly you feel like the game is
much more up to date more kind of
free-flowing the first time I bit of
clunky this one's smooth it right out
and has been already very cool yeah how
are you finding it so far yeah it's
really good i think the graphics are
really really good you know even like
sitting close up to the screen you know
the graphics looks spot-on and you know
the character expression but I so so you
know what's interesting about this game
is coming with the moral choices you
make as the main character is well I'm
being put in their shoes and picking the
path that you go down that's you know a
really good way for like the story to
develop and it was in the first game you
know which I said a quick onus and you
know it's looking really promising
nothing so when you play you a nice boy
or a bad boy well it's her she's a
really bad girl I don't know what side
of that you're about you a bad girl and
how are you finding actually using the
tools as you say you've been going
through you've been adding loads of
stuff you've been maxing out all of the
stats and things actually working with
it what's that experience been like I
mean at the start you don't know what's
going on because you're unsure how to do
it or when we started off and we created
a template and then you realize that you
created just your kind of teammates but
then afterwards you realize when you get
into the thick of things then it is it's
a lot more quicker and you get through
it much more ease and it's much more
user friendly than you think it is
clapping fiddle around with it for now
that are you quite impressed by what you
can actually do with the game yeah I
mean this is such a this is such a tiny
like thing you can do I mean there's the
scope is huge and it's just getting a
head round that and actually able to do
it sensibly in like within and not
taking like a day to try and do one
thing so that's really just learning to
get better at it and then just evolving
ideas you may be great so this is just
one very simple idea really he's
surprised by how much you can actually
do with the game all the different
options yeah definitely the bo is quite
great on there and you can add all the
little enemies and the little cart the
little rings and stuff so you can go to
point as much as you want yours you
trying to make it like super super
difficult yeah I'm just trying to
perfect the coarser than under add all
the enemies and little obstacles in the
way I think we're going to get you
playing your your friends and your
friends going to have a go you'll race
oh you can't fit you've got the best one
altering all being there for Jeff oh
bring it on rocky valdosta Rocky Balboa
style that is fighting sword
you